today and pieces in some way
momentous day
since all welded have been finished
work on the left side of the body
close to sleep Lebanon and grinded and
primed butt welds like this
here they look at the middle rack here
it looks like a frame of a blank window
Here is the rear rack like
almost no medium well here you can
pay attention to the huge gap
between the back door and the pillar into this gap
will get the biggest most Preparations finger
it feels like there is no attack on the door
from some other car like this
looks like a joint at the bottom
Watch out for secrets and here's the niche weld
I was just making my way up
loud against corrosion
since i don't have any now
desires to engage in painting exercise to
me the thing is that the anger is not over yet
night work by the way you can see
here you can see the crack rust like this
It looks like a spring fleet to our turn
lower here still on the mudguard crack here
that's what's left to do
side right country
so the days of the dents the game is than me
to be engaged here and so
the threshold looks like this
seam which made some would any
dragon you activate
Well, so that all the beauty looks
now have to do but
fumes on the left play here
something like this is today
moment